Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
After nearly 20 years of war.
President Joe Biden will announce
the withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan.
- It is time to end
America's longest war.
time for our troops
come home.
- The President announced
the withdrawal of American troops
by 11 September 2021.
bre 2021.
extending the original deadline
set by the agreement signed
between the Trump administration
and the Taliban.
- In less than three months
the Taliban have taken control
of most areas
outside Kabul.
- This morning.
gunfire reignited the chaos...
- The Taliban
are on the outskirts of Kabul.
- Nobody thought the Taliban
would reach Kabul so quickly.
- Unplug the computers
and get the hard drives.
The Taliban can reconstruct
all the shredded documents.
So we burn everything. OK?
We shred and burn everything.
Hello?
- Hello? It's Eva.
- Who?
- Eva. from the NGO 'La cha卯ne du c艙ur'.
- Speak up.
- This is Eva from the NGO
"Heart Chain.
- I'm listening. Eva.
- I'm with my mother.
I can't get into the airport.
Flights have been suspended.
- Come to the embassy.
- The Taliban are already in Kabul.
- You're French.
That's your best protection.
Hurry up. soon we'll be gone.
I remind you:
you'll get all the data back.
not forgetting the USB sticks.
Essentially. first priority.
- Many embassies have
to evacuate their nationals.
Shortly before. the Afghan President
had confirmed that he had left his country
to avoid 'a bloodbath'.
20 years after being driven out
by a coalition led by the USA.
the Taliban
are returning to power...
- Give me the mace.
That can stay.
but the rest goes up in flames.
Guys. we're taking
all the hard drives. is that clear?
- The special forces
take off tonight...
- I have to get to the NATO base
at the airport.
- Very well. then.
- The helicopter is waiting.
- We'll be in touch.
- New nationals are arriving.
we'll pick them up
and join you.
- Are there many of them?
- I don't know. why?
- We've already got 80. plus our team.
- So what?
Do you want to stop them coming?
- Why bring them here
if we can't get them out?
- Hey. I just want everyone
to meet me at the airport tonight.
Stick to the plan. Mo. all right?
- The usual.
- No. not the usual.
- Do you mind?
- Elegance first. eh?
- Hello. Sediqi?
I'm getting a bad signal here. can you hear me?
Hello?
- Hello. Sediqi? Bida?
- Hang on. eh?
Hello?
- Hello?
- Sediqi. can you hear me?
- Bida. can you hear me?
- I'm glad to hear you. my friend.
Where are you?
- I tried to flee the country but I couldn't.
I don't know what to do.
All the soldiers are giving up.
- Where are you?
Not far from Hashmat Khan Lake.
- All right.
Well then. you recover.
Shohadai Salehin Road. OK?
You'll come across a restaurant.
Focaccio.
- Focaccio.
- Here you go.
The owner. Amir. is a friend of mine.
He'll take care of you. I'm coming.
- No. don't come.
the Taliban are already in Kabul.
They're looking for me.
- Not me.
I'm coming. Sediqi. I'm coming.
Amir. it's Mo.
Where are you?
- At the restaurant.
saving what I can.
- OK. listen up.
I've got a friend coming over.
he's in danger.
Hide him in your storeroom.
all right?
- No problem.
Who is he?
- A high-ranking Afghan officer.
I can't say any more than that.
- OK. I understand.
- Hide your uniforms!
- Amir. what are you doing?
Don't just stand there!
- As long as I'm alive. I'll never leave.
That's going.
It's worth a lot. I won't let them have it.
- The Taliban are already in town.
Your friend is here.
- OK.
Sediqi. how are you?
- How do you think I am?
- Can you walk?
- I think so.
- Come on.
Are you all right?
- I'll be all right.
- Mo.
For old times' sake.
- Wow.
Thanks.
- And it's the cheapest.
- Come on.
Cheer up. we're nearly there.
Get down! Get down!
- What are you doing here?
- What's in the car?
- Nothing's in the car.
- Open this!
- There's nothing...
- What's in there?
It's full of booze.
Destroy everything!
- Let me go! Let me go!
- Destroy everything!
- Let me go.
- Don't move. stay there!
- Be quiet!
I don't want to hear any more. you cheat!
That's enough. let's go!
Come on. let's go!
- Are you all right? Are you all right?
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
- Lie still.
- OK.
- Fuckin' hell.
- What's going on?
- Don't say a word.
I work for the French Embassy.
I need to get through.
The French Embassy.
- Get out of the car.
Get out. I said.
- I am forbidden
to get out of the car.
- Get out. I said! That's an order.
- Frenchman!
- Get out!
- I work
for the French Embassy!
- Get out!
- I have to get back to the Embassy!
- Put the gun down.
- Bonjour. monsieur.
French Embassy. I must get inside.
- Let him through.
- Thank you.
- Please!
- I'll look after you.
- I'm with my mother.
- Don't move. Eva. I'll look after you.
- Concentrate. boys.
Stand back!
- I can't. I can't.
- Help me! I've got an injured man.
- Fucking hell. Who the hell is he?
- The head of Afghan intelligence.
- What's he doing here?
- He's like a brother to me.
- How the fuck are we gonna get out of here?
Disperse them.
Get the hose out.
- There's French people in the crowd.
- What about them?
Tell them to go to the airport.
- No. no. no.
We're not going anywhere without them.
- How do we get them in
without an invasion?
- Take a look.
- Who's that?
What do you want to tell them?
- That the citizens of Afghanistan
have nothing to fear.
- We are here
to keep them safe.
- Really?
What do you say to the millions of Afghan women
who refuse to live
under Islamic law?
- Where are they?
- Holed up in their homes. petrified.
- So you say.
- I have spoken to several of them.
What do you tell them?
- Don't film!
- What do they...
- Put the camera down!
- We have permission.
- Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
- You'll break it!
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
I'm begging you! I'm begging you!
- Shit. they're shooting.
Warn everyone. Get ready.
I'll call the ambassador.
- Haider. are you all right?
Leave her alone.
- How many people are there?
- There are about 300 people.
we have to open.
- OK. Women. children?
- Yes. threatened by armed Taliban.
In my opinion.
they won't invade the embassy.
- I'm responsible for my men.
I'm not taking that risk.
- Afghans
are going to be executed
in front of the embassy gates.
- Open the gates.
- No. sir...
- That's an order!
- Very well. sir.
Are you all right. sir? Is that your mother?
You're safe here.
Wait over there.
with the identifiable refugees.
- OK. thanks.
- Move. move!
Keep moving! Move along!
Come on!
- Get water and blankets.
Come on. come on. come on!
- The situation
in Kabul
deteriorated rapidly.
I had to take refuge
in the French embassy.
Hundreds of refugees
are waiting there...
- You've put everyone in danger.
- The danger
is the Taliban. not me.
- You provoked them.
- I'm sorry.
I was just trying to do my job.
- I'm trying to do mine.
I'm trying to do mine.
Don't interfere anymore. OK?
Thank you.
- Who are you?
Excuse me?
How do you intend to evacuate
these hundreds of refugees?
- I don't have to answer that.
- People need to know.
- No. they don't.
I'm here to protect them.
not inform them. OK?
- And I'm here to testify
what's going on. OK?
- Stay away.
- Can I just...
Can I just...
OK...
The French Embassy
is the last place in Kabul
where you can take refuge.
- Well. I've got some bad news
to tell you.
You're going to have to say goodbye to your workshop.
- Why's that?
- It's our grandson's
of our grandson.
- Ah.
chuckle
And er... do I have any say in this?
- Well. no. But on the other hand.
you can choose the colour
of the wallpaper.
Little laugh
- Well. blue.
- Blue?
- Yeah. blue.
Blue's good.
- It's a clich茅.
what...
They're laughing.
- Why are you asking me?
It's always up to you.
- Well. yes.
but I taste better. don't I?
- That's not difficult.
Little laugh
- When are you evacuating?
- Tomorrow.
- I can tell you're worried.
- Yeah. I don't really like
how things are going.
It's all happening a bit fast. it's...
- I understand that.
- I've got to go now.
- Take care of yourself.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
- Look at that guy.
Why is he covering his mouth?
What about him?
Why does he want to know
how we look at them?
They're up to something.
We've got to break them now.
- We're going to create panic.
We're continuing to exfiltrate
the identified in zone 3.
And we stay visible
to keep the pressure on.
- OK.
- An exfiltration will take place tonight.
by helicopter from the embassy.
The Taliban will not
American aircraft as targets.
- What about the 300 refugees
in zone 2?
- We're only evacuating those
we've identified.
At the slightest hitch.
the Americans call the whole thing off.
- We're not going to abandon them. are we?
- It's not a question of abandoning them.
but we'll deal with them later.
I am first and foremost accountable
for the lives of the French people.
- Yes. of course you are.
I'll see you later.
Well. that's imminent.
We should be leaving tonight.
We'll be leaving from Zone 1.
and evacuate these people first.
in the first choppers.
After that. the next group.
we'll be ready.
it's going to go very fast.
- You want to abandon us.
We need a lift.
- Calm down.
- Stand back.
- You're not leaving without us.
- First we have to
identify everyone. all right?
- Take us with you.
- Get back! Get back!
- Calm down!
Calm down! Calm down!
We are all
under the protection of France.
and this man
is her representative.
If you have
a problem with him. get out.
The Taliban will take care of you.
- They want to leave without us.
- For now. they are here.
- You're not going anywhere without us.
Do you understand?
- Go back to your seats.
Go on.
- Thank you.
- They're worried.
they have no guarantee of being evacuated.
- But nobody has.
- Then why are you locking them up?
- We need to check everyone's
of everyone.
- What are you afraid of?
That the Taliban have infiltrated?
- Why not?
Little laugh
- Why didn't you go back
with your colleagues from the NGO?
- I left everything to come back here.
I wasn't going to leave like that.
- Have you been working here long?
- Five years now.
It wasn't easy at first.
I had no bearings.
I didn't know it well.
this country.
- Do you still have family here?
- Apart from my mother. nobody.
What about you?
Have you got any kids?
- I've got a daughter. yes.
She's about your age.
- Oh?
Are you close?
- Not close enough.
Unfortunately.
- For her or for you?
- At first. for her.
And now. for me.
- Then why are you here?
- Everybody go over there!
Go that way! Get back! Get back! Get back! Get back!
Go that way!
Get back! Get back! Get back! Get back!
- I've spoken to the ambassador.
He's negotiating a window to evacuate.
- When?
- We don't know yet.
- We've got enough to hold 50 people
for 15 days. There are 400 of us.
- We should never have
opened the doors.
- We're rationing food.
- What's the point if we're stuck?
- Nobody's gonna get stuck.
The Taliban have negotiated
with the Americans.
They won't do anything to us.
They'd have too much to lose.
- They respected it.
their agreement?
By shooting at the helicopters?
- We've been ordered
to clear security.
- What do you mean?
- Command was forced
to change strategy.
This is an order with immediate effect.
Prepare your belongings discreetly.
We leave in 1 hour.
- Hang on.
I've never heard that before. where did it come from?
- We should have evacuated yesterday.
We've completed our mission.
there's nothing holding us back now.
- The refugees who are here.
they're under our protection.
What if they execute them?
- We are the ones the Taliban
will execute!
What don't you understand?
Do you think we have enough men?
Ammunition?
Do you think we'll make it
if they storm us?
You got us into this shit.
but nobody. you hear me.
nobody's gonna risk their life for this.
- I know what you mean.
But if I wasn't sure of myself.
I'd say something different.
We can't leave them.
we have no choice.
- We respect orders. Full stop.
- Is that what you mean
your sense of commitment?
I'm a soldier's son.
I was 6 months old
when my family had to leave Algeria.
My father was a fighter.
He chose his side and...
and paid the price.
If he hadn't met
people like us.
he'd be dead now.
Dead or persecuted.
And I wouldn't be here
to tell you about it.
Obeying is part of our job.
but it's also a choice
to disobey.
I've got a plan to get out of here.
And I can't do it on my own.
I need your help.
- Who wants to go?
One. two.
three. four.
five.
Who wants to stay?
One. two. three. four
three. four.
five.
I'll stay.
The majority has decided.
What's your plan.
to get us out of here?
Call to prayer.
- Eva?
Eva. it's Mo.
I need your help.
I need you to negotiate
with the Taliban.
- I beg your pardon?
- I need an interpreter
to explain the situation.
- Is this a joke?
- No. it's not.
We can't force our way out.
It's too risky.
We have to deal with them.
- Do you know what they think
about women?
They could kill me at any time
because they think I'm impure.
- I know.
But you're not just Afghan.
you're French too.
And the guys will be there to cover for us.
If I had any other option.
I'd have spared you all this.
But it's the only way.
- Tell her to move to the left.
- Eva. a little to the left.
More. more...
Stop. Don't move.
That's it. open up the angles.
You keep a good distance from Mo
and that's all there is to it.
- If anything goes wrong.
we call the whole thing off and come back here. OK?
- Just remember:
open up the firing angles.
- Ready?
Don't stay in command with me.
shift a little to the left.
- Taliban approaching.
Seven in retreat.
- Stop.
- Salam.
I am Major Bida.
I work at the embassy.
And... I would like to speak to your leader.
- He orders us to leave...
and threatens
to cut out my tongue.
- This young woman is French.
she's an interpreter at the embassy.
You have no reason to threaten her.
Do you understand?
- Don't move.
There. that's good.
- Our presence here poses a problem
to the authority you represent.
I need to speak to your boss.
- Leave us alone.
- What do you want?
- We need to evacuate
to get to the airport.
- Why do these Afghans want to leave?
- They are under the protection
protection.
- We're just asking for buses.
With drivers.
Tell him to stay here.
We'll get out of sight.
- He's insisting.
- Damn it. Mo. what are you doing?
- How many buses? By when?
- A dozen buses.
Leaving within the hour.
- The French can go.
The Afghans are staying.
- That's not my request.
- You are not in a position to decide.
It is I who decide.
- Prepare to engage.
- He says...
he can shoot me at any time.
- Even after we leave.
there will still be 300 of our people
in the embassy.
which will cause
diplomatic incident between our countries.
Do you understand?
You can solve the problem
by helping us to evacuate.
The Green Zone will then be
entirely under your control.
That's a good deal.
- Make me a list
of everyone you need to evacuate.
Once we've identified them.
you can leave.
- There are over 400 people.
- The man we are looking for
may have infiltrated your group.
Who knows?
Just give me the list
and you'll get your buses.
- OK.
- OK. Don't give up your positions
until further notice.
- Do you know any bus drivers?
- Yes. Well. only one. why?
- Get in touch with him.
I don't trust that guy.
Thank you.
If we get out of this. it's thanks to you.
It's strong. what you've done.
- The situation is tense.
but we. in Paris.
we can't stop
an ongoing process.
- Did you understand
what was happening?
- I beg your pardon?
- The situation is out of control.
Soon we won't have anything to eat.
We're 11
against a whole city.
Every minute.
we're getting closer to a confrontation.
It could tip at any moment.
- That's a no. isn't it?
I'm not taking the risk.
He coughs.
Commander Bida.
thank you for your proposal.
but please be patient.
we'll find a solution.
- Impossible to wait.
- We're not going to let go
400 people
without protection.
- Look for solutions.
but I'm taking action. Is that clear?
- You'll have to tell him
to talk to me better.
- You can sack him. but...
he retires in 15 days.
Knock.
- Sir?
- I'll be right there.
- According to our sources.
1.200 Daech fighters
have been released from prison.
The threat of a Daech attack
is imminent.
Suicide bombers have been recruited.
but it is not known when or where
the attack could take place.
- Evacuation operations
suspended?
- For the moment. no.
But the situation is changing drastically
from day to day.
so I can't guarantee anything.
Any other questions?
- The evacuations may stop.
The Americans fear an attack.
- From the Taliban?
- No. according to them. from Daech.
but the Taliban could recycle
their own people.
Can we trust
your contact?
- I have no reason
to doubt his intentions.
- Just so you know. if anything goes wrong.
we won't be able to intervene.
- I understand that.
but Mr Ambassador.
there are just as many risks in staying here
as evacuating in a convoy.
- I'll call the 脡lys茅e Palace.
Stand by.
- Thank you. sir.
- There won't be enough
for everyone.
- Tomorrow we'll be gone. don't worry.
- I'm talking to the owner.
He's got 10 buses.
but it's $100 each.
- Take it.
- Yeah. OK.
OK. that's good for 100.
How long will it take?
Hurry up. will you?
- Lift a little higher.
- We've been to Focaccio before.
remember?
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Don't you remember?
A guy who thought he was a cowboy
had picked us up.
He was burning his wads of cash
and threatening us.
- Yes. I remember.
But it wasn't at Focaccio.
- Yes. it was.
It was two or three years ago.
- I remember him.
I'm the biggest contractor here.
I work with Americans.
- It seems like a long time ago now.
Everything seems far away.
Mo?
- Yes?
- If I get caught.
you can tell my wife
I died a hero.
All right?
Mo laughs.
- Agreed.
- Not about that wound.
I'm serious. Mo.
I'm serious.
- No one is going to die. Sediqi.
No one.
- Mom. what are you doing?
- I'm looking for my wedding ring.
I couldn't forget it.
- We've got to go now.
- Look through your stuff.
- Mummy
- Look through your things!
- Mum. it's all right.
- Gotta go home. I know where she is.
- Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
We can't go back.
- Kate.
The convoy's leaving.
- What about them?
- There's been a threat of an attack
and we haven't been able to identify them.
Well. I'm sorry.
but we can't take any chances.
- Let's identify them. then.
Come on.
Mo. please.
This is Rohulla. he's a painter.
He has his studio in Herat
where he has been exhibiting his paintings
for five years.
This is Yanis.
he's a musician.
This is his band.
They play
traditional music
in schools.
hospitals...
This is Zaki. a poet.
The most respected poet in Afghanistan.
They are artists.
fucking artists.
They will kill them first
if we abandon them.
- They won't get
security at the airport.
- We'll see when we get there.
- Fucking artists.
- Fucking artists!
Fucking artists!
- We'll get them on
on the last bus.
There's room for one more.
- Thanks. Mo.
We're good.
- Let's get going.
- Scheduled to depart at 9:30 p.m.
after curfew.
The convoy
consists of 16 vehicles.
it could break up at any moment
and no turning back possible.
Hostage-taking.
snipers. attacks.
it can come from anywhere. at any time.
You can retaliate
if necessary.
OK?
- OK!
- At the first shot.
our chances of getting away
are almost nil.
But we'll be OK. Hmm?
I've got faith in you.
Come on.
- Wait. hold on.
The drivers are stuck
at the checkpoint.
- Shit.
OK.
- So what do we do?
- Wait for it.
- Psst!
What are you doing here? Where are the buses?
- They're here.
But I have to talk to you first.
I want to leave.
I want to join the convoy too.
I need to leave this country.
I want another life
for my family.
A future for my children.
Without me.
the buses won't be able to get through.
- We have a problem
with the Taliban chief at the checkpoint.
We don't get a bus
if we don't get him on board.
- What?
What if the Taliban check him?
- Have you got any papers?
- Have you changed the photo?
- That'll do.
- If I've seen it.
everyone will see it.
- It's simple: it's him or no bus.
We won't last long here
if we get stuck.
It's our only chance.
- I've just got to pray?
- That's it.
Whatever happens.
don't move. understand?
Have a safe trip.
roar of engines
We can't wait any longer.
the Taliban
might change their minds.
- I'm waiting for the green light from the 脡lys茅e.
You stay put.
I'll call you back.
Dial tone.
- Very well. Mr. Ambassador.
That's fine.
That's the way to do it.
Thank you.
That's it. we've got the green light.
- OK.
- Here we go.
We've got to go now.
- We won't let them desecrate
the names of our dead.
- Are you sure you're not following us?
- My country is here.
Thank you. Thank you.
- Take care of yourself.
- Thank you.
- Slow down. Slow down.
- Our escort has arrived.
- Why didn't you tell me sooner?
- I wasn't sure they were coming.
And I don't know this group.
- What am I doing here?
- We're following them.
- Are these your children?
- Yes. they are.
- They're beautiful.
- Thank you.
- How old are they?
- My son is fifteen.
And my daughter is ten... She's...
My daughter is...
She'll be eighteen this weekend.
- What does she want to be
when she grows up?
- Anything but a journalist.
- She says that now.
You know. there's a saying here:
'The cloud is dark.
"but what falls from it...
- is pure water.
- Get off me!
No phone.
OK?
- What the hell are they doing?
Shit.
- What do they want?
- I don't know.
- What the fuck are they doing?
Keep it together. boys.
- Come down.
- Eva. follow me.
- Why the fuck is he coming out?
- Is something wrong?
- They have orders
to search the convoy.
- We're all
from the French Embassy.
The departure has been approved
by your superiors.
- There may be people undercover
in the convoy.
Political refugees. for example.
Er...
Cooperate. it will go faster.
- We're meeting the ambassador at the airport.
We're already behind schedule.
- Get the people out of the jeeps...
...and open the trunks.
- Wait for my signal...
before you start shooting.
- Your papers.
Now!
Look at me.
Here.
- Come down!
Come down now!
- Stay in your seats.
- Get off the bus!
- You'll be all right.
Please! Please! Please!
There are women and children
on the bus.
I'm a journalist.
- What the fuck is this?
- This is getting out of hand.
Tell him we have to leave.
- You've got the watches.
we've got time.
- These are common people
who want to leave the country.
Why stop them?
- Just shut up.
- What's going on?
- He won't listen.
- Get out and open the safe.
Come on!
- Empty the safe.
- It's sensitive material.
I'm forbidden...
- Hurry up!
- Listen. I'm going to call
the French ambassador.
He'll deal with your superiors.
What's your name?
- He says to wait.
- We have to get to the airport.
We have to go to the airport.
- You're not allowed to hit me.
- Stop it!
We're journalists!
Haider!
No! No!
Journalist. Journalist.
- Hold it right there.
- Leave them alone!
- Get down on the ground.
- All right.
- We're good to go.
but you have to make a statement.
- What does he want me to say?
Eva translates.
- That in the event of an incident.
the Taliban are not responsible.
- OK.
I. Mohamed Bida.
consul of the French Embassy...
- What are you doing?
- You want to search the inside.
don't you?
- I. Mohamed Bida.
Consul of the French Embassy.
declare that the Taliban...
- We're good to go.
- Good luck.
Let them go.
Let's go!
- We're leaving.
- Yes?
- Good news.
I've got the green light from the 脡lys茅e Palace.
- OK.
- We're entering Jalalabad Road.
Hold your positions and...
We've lost reception.
- What is it?
- I don't know. probably a scrambler.
- American?
- I hope so.
- St茅phane. can you hear me?
St茅phane. can you hear me?
St茅phane?
Commandant. can you hear me?
- What's that again?
- French Embassy.
Oh. fuck.
Cover me.
Embassy.
France.
French Embassy.
- Put down your guns.
Where are you going?
- To the airport.
- The roads will be blocked.
We're not letting anyone through.
- But the ambassador
is waiting for us at the airport.
Only civilians.
- Who are they?
- Zero Unit.
The CIA's Afghan commando unit.
- There's no signal. Honk the horn!
- This is it. boys.
This is it.
- Do you copy?
Repeat: do you copy?
- Bida listening.
I read you loud and clear.
- I thought for sure
we'd never see you again.
Follow the beam of light.
We're waiting for you outside East Gate.
All right?
- All right. we're on our way.
Are you all right?
- Yes. I'm all right.
- We're a bit early.
- It's a good thing
that you followed the plan...
Good to see you again.
Mo. you know Cyril.
the head of the DGSE office in Kabul?
- Pleased to meet you.
- Where is he?
- There he is.
- With the jeans and the cap?
- That's him.
- OK.
- Mo!
Contact has been broken
with the last bus.
- What do you mean?
- The driver can't be reached.
- Mummy!
- Open the door. please!
- Step back!
- My mother is outside.
- Calm down.
- She's in danger!
- Don't just stand there. get to the others.
- Let me through! Let me through!
Open this door! Open this door!
- I can't stay here.
I can't stay here
when she's out there.
- We can't go looking for them.
But we're not leaving without her.
You hear me?
- Mmh.
- We'll be able to reach them
when they get close.
Trust me on this.
We'll find her.
You gonna be okay?
- I wanted to pick up an Afghan flag
before we left. but...
- I'll get you one.
Gotta go.
Take care of yourself.
- You too.
- Since 15 August. lists of people
to evacuate have been sent to us.
They concern Afghans under threat.
Our mission is to succeed
identify them
and exfiltrate them
through the crowds.
We will be transporting 400 people a day
on board our two aircraft
which take turns
every 24 hours.
Next rotation this afternoon.
- They're in East Gate. Gotta go.
- Right. thanks. Back to work.
- Mohamed Bida!
Mohamed Bida!
- Too many people.
it's impossible.
- Get closer to the gate.
It's the only way
to get you back. Mum.
Get closer!
- Mohamed Bida!
Mohamed Bida!
- Come closer!
Come!
- Clear the way!
- I have to pick up a group.
- You have no business here!
- I ain't goin' nowhere without 'em!
- Get out of the way!
- Let me handle this!
How many people?
- Thirteen.
- We form a corridor
and get them back!
- I can't see you!
- Kate!
- Are you all right?
Here!
- That's a lot more
than thirteen people!
- You misunderstood.
I said thirty.
- Come on!
- Come along. come along!
- No. no. no!
No. don't close!
Mummy! Mummy!
- We're closing East Gate!
It's far too crowded.
- Wait. there's...
- No more people coming in.
- Two more women!
- We're closed.
- Where are we going?
- Go round the airport towards Abbey Gate.
It's the last door open.
so hurry. Mummy!
- Eva.
- Don't touch me. don't touch me!
Don't touch me.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
If she turns up at Abbey Gate.
we'll come and get her.
I promise.
- Are you all right?
- Are you still there?
- I could ask you the same thing.
The guys are starting to crack.
I let Dom in.
I don't know how long
the others are going to last.
- What about you?
- What about me?
Well. me.
I wonder what it's all for.
what we're doing.
Our refugee lists are getting longer.
A whole country wants to evacuate.
And here we are. in the middle of all this shit.
Sometimes we pick them up at random.
sometimes not.
I never thought I'd see this.
I'd mostly stopped this shit.
He's blowing.
Fucking hell.
Well...
You never got the green light
from Martinon. did you?
- Hi.
- Thanks for your help.
- The French are reputed
to be liars. but to this extent!
- Je vous demande pardon.
- My name is Nicole.
- Mohamed.
but everyone calls me Mo.
- Mo?
- Yes. Mo.
- OK.
- First time in Afghanistan?
- Yes. it's my first mission
in the field.
We were prepared for anything. but...
I never would have imagined this.
- If it's any consolation.
this is my last mission
and I've never seen anything like it.
- You can...
- Wow...
- Please.
Mo laughs.
- You've never held a baby?
- Not really.
- Hey...
You can't find your parents.
I'm not trained for this.
- Nobody is.
Nobody is.
- Before we got here.
we were told:
"It'll be quick and done.
In and out!
But it's not like that here at all.
It's a nightmare.
A never-ending fucking nightmare.
Sorry.
I guess I needed to talk.
- No.
I understand just fine.
Well...
Take care of yourself.
- Thank you. you too.
Mo.
Mo laughs.
Baby's crying.
All is well.
It's all right.
- ALL RIGHT?
Over here!
He's speaking in Arabic.
- This video has been authenticated
by our intelligence services.
The planned attack will be carried out
within the next 24 hours.
It is forbidden to go
to the gates.
- Eva. it's Mo. Call me back. quickly.
Eva?
Hey!
Have you seen Eva?
- She's gone.
I saw her take a car.
- Hold your positions!
- Get back! Get back!
- Mummy!
Mama!
- Are you all right?
- Are you sure?
Stay right behind me.
- Hey! Hey!
Get back! Back off. I say!
- Mummy!
- Eva!
Eva !
Eva!
I'm here! I'm here!
Eva! Eva!
We're here! We're here!
- We've got to jump!
- Don't just stand there!
- This is a restricted area.
- I know!
- Get across!
- You can't stay here!
Come on. Mom. jump!
Come on down!
Mummy!
Come on!
Come on. come on!
It's my mother! Please!
- Kate!
Kate! Kate!
- Help them!
Help them get her out!
- Sir!
What are you doing?
- No!
No! No! Stop!
No!
No! No!
- Things have got worse.
At least 169 Afghan civilians
were killed along with 13 American GIs.
- All clear.
All clear.
Situation secure.
Civilians can return
to safe areas.
- Are you coming?
- Coming.
- Mo. we've got to go.
- Can you hold this for me?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm